So we've created this generous bot that follows back.
But what about a narcissist but maybe a bot that loves your own tweets or loves a tweet based on some
certain words.
How can we built that.
Well let's remove this generous bot for now or at least comment it out and leave it at the bottom.
What do you want to do is let's say we want to search the keywords
for now let's just search through number of tweets and we'll set it at 2.
We'll get to what these mean and a second what we're gonna do here is I'm going to say for tweet in
the tweet B dot cursor again this time around instead of going through followers I want to go through
tweets.
So in here I can do something called API dot search.
If we go to the documentation here and we go to the API reference we see we have API dot search that
returns tweets that match a specified query again.
If I go back I can just say API dot search to search the tweets and we just search based on the term
which is right here.
Search Let's rename this just so we know it's different.
Search string let's make this a little bit smaller.
So this is going to be search string so we're gonna search the tweets with the search string of Python
so we're gonna try and find all the tweets that contain the word python.
And I'm also going to do items in here so we can loop through them.
But within the items I can give it.
How many items that we want to loop through in this case we just want to find the two tweets.
So a number of items it's going to be two and in here we're gonna have another try block and this try
block is just going to say tweet dot favorite to favorite the tweet that includes python and we'll just
print to make sure that it worked I liked that tweet finally here we can also add the limit handler
to this cursor but because we're only going through two items I think we should be fine although it's
always a good idea to wrap the limit handler with a tweet cursor like we did before but I just want
to keep this clean so you can see what's going on now in here we've printed this we'll do an asset block
here that will say 3P dot to weepy here.
So this is if the tweet be errors we'll just say as E.
And in here we'll just print the reason for the error.
And then finally if we get any stop iteration errors in that case we can just break out of the loop
so let's save this and see if this works.
Prone to open up my console and run.
All right we got an error.
We have to be has no attribute to BP error and that's because it should be too deep error again.
Let's run this and oh boy.
We have another error here.
This time around there's no tweet dot favorite but if I go to the API and I do let's say favorite.
I don't get any results.
And this is because I'm Canadian.
And fun fact if you're Canadian This is how you spell favorite but in the States you spell favorite
like this with an Oh.
There you go.
We have a favorite method here
so again fun fact I'm Canadian but also Romanian and that was my spelling error because while TB was
obviously written by person speaking American English.
All right.
So let's give it a go
and it looks like we have twice.
I like that tweet.
Let's go back to check of this work if I go back to let's say profile and look at likes.
Look at that.
I've liked a tweet that happened one hour ago that had the word python and another tweet that I have
no idea what's saying but looks like there's python in here.
Yeah look there's a python right over there.
Hopefully none of these say anything bad.
But look at that.
You can see here that I've liked these tweets.
I'm going to remove that just because I don't know if I should be like these.
There you go.
How cool is that.
So now are narcissistic tweet can potentially just tweet anything that says our own name or like our
own name if there's ever a tweet that has my own name.
Well let's do that.
Let's.
Like the five tweets that have my own name and my narcissistic bought will hopefully work and look at
that.
This is kind of embarrassing but it looks like I've already liked two of those tweets.
You have already favorite ad this status.
But let's go back fi refresh here now.
All right.
Look at that.
I have favorite ad all the tweets that include my names and looks like these ones I've already liked
before.
Very very cool.
There is my narcissistic but and you can do different things here.
For example I can re tweet as well if I wanted to instead of favorite.
So now you know how on Twitter you always have those bots that somehow always read tweet something.
Well this is what they do.
They look for a keyword like Javascript or Python or whatever and they automatically retweeted.
Very very cool as you can see this tweet library is very useful and combined with the Twitter API you
can do some really interesting things.
But again you want to be responsible here because there's a lot of ways that you can abuse and just
spam people with Twitter.
But hopefully now you see some use cases.
For example if you want to follow back all your followers instead of clicking through every single profile
you now have a programmer's way of solving that problem with good ol python.
I'll see in the next one by.